Madam, I do all this because you dare to quibble
Do you know what you did wrong?
I'll tell you what.
There is no way to recover
Mrs. Tian is not angry yet, please get out of here
What do you want to say?
No ma'am sorry
It's my fault. I'm fat
Li Xiaonian, you will be fired from now on
Can roll
I'll find you a better story
OK
Hello Enron
I'm home safe and sound.
Is everything going well?
Does Chu Minghua suspect that we deliberately made a game?
Everything went well.
I have fired Wei Xiaonian
But this time it moved the people around Chu Minghua
He was probably pretty pissed.
Hey, did you find anything?
There is no new progress yet.
But Chu Mingli is abnormal
He's been on the set a lot lately.
We'll keep an eye on him
Keep in touch anytime